Support JSON objects when evaluating claims in regex policy (#1566)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: authorization_services/topics/policy-regex-policy.adoc

+
* *Target Claim*
+
Specifies the name of the target claim in the token. For JSON-based claims, you can use dot notation for nesting and square brackets to access array fields by index. For example, contact.address[0].country. If the target claim references a JSON

> object, the first path (e.g.: `contact`) should map to the attribute name holding the JSON object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object, the first path (for example, `contact`) should map to the attribute name holding the JSON object.
```
